
//core buildings
 
 merc_house_A0=Maison des Mercenaires
 merc_house_A_bed0_A0=Lit de mercenaire
 merc_house_A_bed1_A0=Lit de mercenaire
 vikingcattlefarm_A0=Ferme d'élevage
 vikingfarm_A0=Ferme
 vikingfishery_A0=Pêcherie
 vikingforge_A0=Forge
 vikinggrove_A0=Bosquet
 vikinggrove2_A0=Bosquet
 vikingguard_A0=Maison du Garde
 vikingguardbed1_A0=Quartiers des soldats
 vikingguardbed2_A0=Quartiers des soldats
 vikingguardbed3_A0=Quartiers des soldats
 vikinginn_A0=Auberge
 vikinglumberman_A0=La maison du bûcheron
 vikinglumberman_B0=La maison du bûcheron
 vikingmarket_A0=Marché
 vikingquarry_A0=Carrière
 vikingsheepfarm_A0=Élevage de moutons
 vikingtemple_A0=Temple
 vikingtemple_A_berserker0_A0=Berserker
 vikingtemple_A_berserker1_A0=Berserker
 vikingwatchtower_A0=Tour de guet
 vikingwheatfarm_A0=Ferme de blé
 vikingworkshop_A0=Atelier
 vikingwell_A0=Bien
 
 //lone buildings

clanhall_A0=Salle de clan
jomsvikingoutpost_A0=Avant-poste de Jomsviking
raidercamp_A0=Camp de Pillards
raiderlair_A0=Repaire des Pillards
shipburial_A0=bateau funéraire 

//player buildings

playerfort_A0=Forteresse
playerfort_A_armoury_A0=Forteresse D'armurerie
playerfort_A_barracks0_A0=Forteresse Barracks
playerfort_A_barracks1_A0=Forteresse Barracks
playerfort_A_barracks2_A0=Forteresse Barracks
playerfort_A_barracks3_A0=Forteresse Barracks
playerlonghouse_A0=Grande maison
smallnorseplayerhouse_A0=Petite maison

//townhall buildings

jarllonghouse_A0=Longue Maison de Jarl's
vikingmanor_A0=Manoir
vikingtownhall_A0=Mairie

//walls

full_wall_gateway_a0=Porte du Village
full_wall_a0=Mur du Village
full_wall_slope_right1_a0=Mur du Village
full_wall_slope_right2_a0=Mur du Village
full_wall_slope_left3_a0=Mur du Village
full_wall_slope_left2_a0=Mur du Village
full_wall_slope_left1_a0=Mur du Village
full_wall_slope_right3_a0=Mur du Village

full_wall_cap_both_a0=Fin de muraille
full_wall_cap_right_a0=Fin de muraille 
full_wall_cap_left_a0=Fin de muraille
full_wall_corner_a0=Tour d'angle

borderpost_a0=Poste
borderpost_corner_a0=Poste frontalier (coin)
borderpost_gate_a0=Poste frontalier (entrée)