
//core buildings

merc_house_A0=Mercenary House
merc_house_A_bed0_A0=Mercenary Bed
merc_house_A_bed1_A0=Mercenary Bed
vikingcattlefarm_A0=Cattle Farm
vikingfarm_A0=Farm
vikingfishery_A0=Fishery
vikingforge_A0=Forge
vikinggrove_A0=Grove
vikinggrove2_A0=Grove
vikingguard_A0=Guard House
vikingguardbed1_A0=Soldier's Quarters
vikingguardbed2_A0=Soldier's Quarters
vikingguardbed3_A0=Soldier's Quarters
vikinginn_A0=Inn
vikinglumberman_A0=Lumberman's House
vikinglumberman_B0=Lumberman's House
vikingmarket_A0=Market
vikingquarry_A0=Quarry
vikingsheepfarm_A0=Sheep Farm
vikingtemple_A0=Temple
vikingtemple_A_berserker0_A0=Berserker
vikingtemple_A_berserker1_A0=Berserker
vikingwatchtower_A0= Watchtower
vikingweaponforge_A0= Weapon Forge
vikingwheatfarm_A0=Wheat Farm
vikingworkshop_A0=Workshop
vikingwell_A0=Well


//lone buildings

clanhall_A0=Clan Hall
jomsvikingoutpost_A0=Jomsviking Outpost
raidercamp_A0=Raider Camp
raiderlair_A0=Raider Lair
shipburial_A0=Ship Burial


//player buildings

playerfort_A0=Fortress
playerfort_A_armoury_A0=Fortress Armoury
playerfort_A_barracks0_A0=Fortress Barracks
playerfort_A_barracks1_A0=Fortress Barracks
playerfort_A_barracks2_A0=Fortress Barracks
playerfort_A_barracks3_A0=Fortress Barracks
playerlonghouse_A0=Longhouse
smallnorseplayerhouse_A0=Small House


//townhall buildings

jarllonghouse_A0=Jarl's Longhouse
vikingmanor_A0=Manor
vikingtownhall_A0=Townhall


//walls

full_wall_gateway_a0=Village Gate
full_wall_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_right1_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_right2_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left3_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left2_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_left1_a0=Village Wall
full_wall_slope_right3_a0=Village Wall

full_wall_cap_both_a0=End Wall
full_wall_cap_right_a0=End Wall
full_wall_cap_left_a0=End Wall
full_wall_corner_a0=Corner Tower

borderpost_a0=Border Post
borderpost_corner_a0=Border Post (Corner)
borderpost_gate_a0=Border Post (Entrance)