culture.andalus=Al-Andalus
culture.fullname=The Andalusians

village.andalus_military_village=Military Village
village.andalus_trading_village=Trading Village
village.andalus_agricultural_village=Andalus Agricultural Village
village.andalus_religious_village=Religious Village
village.andalus_controlled_village=Colony
village.andalus_controlled_walled_village=Fortified Colony

villager.andalus_armourysmith=Armour Smith
villager.andalus_boy=Boy
villager.andalus_cook=Cook
villager.andalus_cookwife=Cook
villager.andalus_cottonfarmer=Cotton Farmer
villager.andalus_cowfarmer=Cow Farmer
villager.andalus_cowfarmerwife=Cow Farmer
villager.andalus_fisherman=Fisherman
villager.andalus_fortarmourysmith=Smith
villager.andalus_girl=Girl
villager.andalus_imam=Priest
villager.andalus_imamswife=Imam's Wife
villager.andalus_localmerchant=Local Merchant
villager.andalus_loneartisan=Lone Artisan
villager.andalus_loneimam=Lone Imam
villager.andalus_lonemiller=Miller
villager.andalus_lonewife=Peasant
villager.andalus_lumberman=Lumberman
villager.andalus_miller=Miller
villager.andalus_miner=Miner
villager.andalus_minerwife=Miner's Wife
villager.andalus_painter=Painter
villager.andalus_peasant=Peasant
villager.andalus_peasantwife=Peasant
villager.andalus_philosopher=Philosopher
villager.andalus_physician=Physician
villager.andalus_richtrader=Rich Merchant
villager.andalus_richwoman=Rich Woman
villager.andalus_sheikh=Leader
villager.andalus_shepherd=Shepherd
villager.andalus_shepherdwife=Shepherd
villager.andalus_soldier=Warrior
villager.andalus_stonecrafter=Stone Crafter
villager.andalus_stonecrafterwife=Stone Crafter's Wife
villager.andalus_tanner=Tanner
villager.andalus_toolsmith=Toolsmith
villager.andalus_weaver=Weaver
villager.andalus_weaverwife=Weaver
villager.architect_byzantine=Byzantine Artisan
villager.berber_pirate=Pirate
villager.berber_pirateleader=Pirate Leader
villager.cider_smuggler=Cider Smuggler
villager.mercenary_berber=Berber Mercenary
villager.mercenary_castile=Castilian Mercenary
villager.merchant_byzantine=Byzantine Artisan
villager.merchant_food=Food Merchant
villager.merchant_mine=Mine Owner
villager.merchant_norman=Norman Armoury Merchant
villager.merchant_plant=Plant Merchant
villager.merchant_scholar=Monk
villager.merchant_textiles=Textile Merchant
villager.merchant_viking=Viking Merchant
villager.merchant_weapon=Armoury Merchant
villager.merchant_wool=Wool Merchant
villager.teenagerfemale=Youth
villager.teenagermale=Youth
villager.wife_byzantine=Byzantine Wife

shop.armoury=Armoury
shop.churchruins=Church Ruins
shop.cowfarm=Cow Farm
shop.fishery=Fishery
shop.fishingtownhall=Fishing Village Townhall
shop.kitchen=Kitchen
shop.leatherworks=Leatherworks
shop.loneimam=Imam
shop.lonemill=Mill
shop.mill=Mill
shop.olivefarm=Olive Farm
shop.painter=Painter
shop.physician=Physician
shop.sheepfarm=Sheep Farm
shop.stonecrafter=Stonecrafter
shop.tavern=Tavern
shop.toolsmith=Toolsmith
shop.townhall=Townhall
shop.weaver=Weaver