goal.cookstoneandalus=Smelting stone

goal.bleachblackwool=Bleaching wool
goal.bleachgraywool=Bleaching wool
goal.bleachlightgraywool=Bleaching wool
goal.carvesandstoneandalus=Carving sandstone
goal.MakeSandstone2=Making sandstone
goal.makeandalusboots=Crafting boots
goal.makeandalushelmet=Crafting a helmet
goal.makeandaluslegs=Crafting leggings
goal.makeandalusplate=Crafting a chestplate
goal.makeandalusspear=Crafting a spear
goal.makebrownglazed=Making glazed terracotta 
goal.makecarvedwood=Carving wood
goal.makechainboots=Making chain mail boots
goal.makechainchest=Making a chain mail chestplate
goal.makechainlegs=Making chain mail leggings
goal.makecouscous=Making couscous
goal.makehay2=Making hay
goal.makehealthpotion=Making potions
goal.makelampstand=Making a lampstand
goal.makelimeglazed=Making glazed terracotta 
goal.makeminttea=Making mint tea
goal.makenametagandalus=Making a name tag
goal.makeregenpotion=Making potions
goal.makesaddle=Making a saddle
goal.makewhiteglazed=Making Glazed terracotta 
goal.tanhideandalus=Tanning hides

goal.gatherdates=Gathering dates
goal.gathermint=Gathering mint 

goal.pickredflower=Picking flowers

goal.gathersandandalus=Gathering Sand
goal.minedioriteandalus=Mining diorite
goal.minesandstoneandalus=Mining sandstone
goal.minestoneandalus=Mining stone

goal.growdates=Growing dates

goal.keepstallmerc=Keeping stall

